Correct camera calibration description (#176)
foxglove/docs: docs/3-visualization/4-panels/image.md

### `CameraCalibration`

> Providing optional camera calibration data allows you to render 3D entities in the Image panel, or render images in the 3D panel. Calibration data not required to display image annotations if your images are already rectified.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Providing optional camera calibration data allows you to render 3D entities in the Image panel, or render images in the 3D panel. Calibration data is not required to display `ImageAnnotations` since they use their corresponding image's pixel coordinates.
```
Can take or leave this part. 
> since they use their corresponding image's pixel coordinates

Author: thanks
